well again as we've been saying this
morning and it's caused the president to
spiral into a rage again Donald Trump
said in January in January the 22nd that
he wasn't worried about this virus
everything was going to be fine it was
one person coming in from China and soon
it would be going well Joe Biden was
writing in a piece for USA Today that it
was coming and it was going to be bad
right at the end of January Joe Biden
wrote that around the same time
two days later Donald Trump said that
President Xi was doing a great job he
lauded his transparency at the end of
February the president was saying it's
just 11 people it's going to be down to
zero and 15 people gonna be down to five
maybe down to zero talked about how it
would magically go away in April of
course in April more people died of this
pandemic that Donald Trump said would
magically go away because of the weather
then died in a war in Vietnam and it
continues the first wave hasn't crested
and Donald Trump will not even follow
the White House guidelines that he put
out a few weeks ago he's denying that a
second wave is going to come in the fall
despite the fact that every doctor every
medical professional every scientist
says we could face dire consequences in
the fall as well men this morning I told
the president again that good science
ends up being good economics ends up
being good politics obviously Donald you
didn't want to hear that again I know
I've been saying it a lot and you
actually tweeted something
extraordinarily cruel and I know you
meant to be extraordinarily cruel to me
by attacking me by bringing up a
conspiracy theory that has lived in the
gutters of the internet for some time
now but just like the
rich conspiracy murder that was pushed
by your allies you don't understand the
pain you caused you caused two families
who've already lost a loved one not me
not my children not anybody that knows
me or they know the truth but you once
again dragged a family through this and
make them where you live it again just
like Seth Rich's parents as if Liv
losing a loved one the first time isn't
enough but this weekend my god you were
supposed to have a working weekend you
got it wrong again you said 50,000
deaths 60,000 deaths now you're saying a
hundred thousand deaths what was your
working weekend what did you do during
your working weekend well you know you
tweeted more hateful things about
colleagues of ours you tweeted
conspiracy theories about Jeffrey
Epstein will you have time for this you
tweeted conspiracy theories about Barack
Obama really you have time for this you
attacked george w bush for simply
sending out a unifying message to give
americans hope he said positive things
about americans he said positive things
about health care workers
he said positive things about this
country
he said we choose to rise and even that
offended you I guess I shouldn't be
surprised that a man who was offended by
a former president calling all Americans
of all parties together in this time of
crisis would be offended by that because
after all you're the same President of
the United States who celebrated the
return of a murderous
dictator mmm Kim jong-un mr. president I
ask that you get checked out I ask that
you take a rest I ask that you take care
of yourself maybe let Mike Pence run
things for the next week you're not well
let Mike Pence work with dr. pouchy work
with dr. Burks it'd be best for you
politically it would be best for the
country medically it'd be best for the
Republican Party politically talk about
social distancing we're reading stories
now of Republicans who are politically
distancing from you you were right when
you said we are a country at war but
we're losing that war you assured us in
January there was nothing to worry about
you assured us in February there was
nothing to worry about you assured
Republican senators in March when they
were panicked you said just stay calm
it'll go away you you assured African
American leaders that it would go away
just like magic
you should have Americans time and again
in April and things warmed up it would
just go away you assured us in April it
would just go away and not come back in
the fall even when medical professionals
doctors and historians not you reminded
us that the 1918 pandemic did come back
and it was even worse in the fall mr.
president you're getting worse every day
you you need to take a rest you need to
let Mike Pence actually run things for
the next couple of weeks and come back
when you're feeling a little better and
when you can really actually focus on
your job because you just can't do that
right now
and Americans are dying every day
because of
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching